Emperor
Uh no no no sorry my emperor that me
Uh no Chen Chen Chen Chen poetic
Eyes do not know Taishan
Didn't recognize you
Sorry for the famous Protector Lady
So martial
Xiaojiu said that the emperor was suspicious
Sure enough, he looks like a scheming guy
I have to talk less
What's wrong with you?
Ten days later
The wise men of Sark came to meet their friends
How can you fight in this state?
Sister Zan lives in the palace
This makes the imperial doctor
Let me show you my brain
Go to Sugar to read a book by yourself
If contempt loses
I take away the title of Lady of the Protector
No, you're too hasty.
Hmm Lobang
Lady Protector
You can hear me clearly
Yeah, got it, got it.
Go see your sister
He must miss you
Isn't the emperor your brother-in-law?
Why do I feel like he wants to kill you?